hi to all dear friends welcome back
in the company of wars 86 look what a fine
puppets nocera directly coarse
shop puntonet pupazzino which is the
months mascot you see there is also behind
his cloak we put a little by
part to see the contents of
clearly pack of meizu mx 5
we have the new home device
months the new smartphone
I arrived directly from yesterday
big puntonet shop I remind you of wars
dash 5 to receive the discount code
we go immediately to open the package
I tell you right away that this is a Mr.
then we'll go and see
also full video review
white version with front frame
white otherwise there is also black 16 gigabytes
of non-expandable internal memory
global firmware then above ie
firmware means this means
that we will basically have the updates first
firmware dedicated to clarification at
global landscape is not the film that is
the international one
no problem whatsoever when installing
the play store but I had no doubts
in the black version the back frame
frame is the same as this kummer
only the front frame then
white here it is black otherwise
you will find that clearly all black
in the package we find minimalism
of meizu we find a little book that is
this one that we don't need practically
to nothing
we find micro usb data cable for
recharge our smartphone as well
to exchange data admit small the
our computer we find the pin
to extract the two nano informed sims
there is no expansion of memory there
I repeat we find below the
wall charger in non format
European do not worry because he is big
shop will put you in the box
the adapter to adapt this neon if
moretti and then we find nothing else
inside this box of meditations there
they are few there is nothing else than that
that you saw in the video
unboxing we immediately unlock the phone
look at the cd call i know that not
it is a thaci of why it is not clearly
an iphone
but in short the functionality but
above all the precision of this cd o
better than this unlock sensor
really bad is digital
incredible we are at iphone levels
s6 according to me it was not precise how
this mx5 instead he really
look at the precision really
amazing how months have worked on
this fingerprint sensor
I put the phone a little closer
the display is a full hd so we have
we don't have the two kappa less bad I would say
I have a very good super panel
amoled and full hd so super amoled
of the first super amoled if I'm not mistaken
months very much within his
device seems to me and I would not say
castronerie if I said so I apologize
right away with the most fans of the brand
this is the frame construction
perimeter of this device on the
right part on and off
as well as volume rocker part
top with the jack for 35 mm the
there is no door to the second microphone
infrared the classic camera are
the megapixel actresses with the single led
flash on the left side we find
clearly the inclusion of the two dwarfs
sim
here is the fingerprint sensor looked at
well with a prolonged tap you go to
lock the display just rest
see how even my thumb is not
one is a natural grip though
let's say in some phones when
let's put the thumb so it doesn't unblock
finally a sensor that works at
better
well guys for this unboxing video e
everything we feel within the
youtube channel will also be waiting for you
within the comments as well as on the various
social recommends me that paris coppe
snail guercio 86
for today it is all and we feel at i
next videos